Broadcast clarification responses (#225)
icpc/ccs-specs: Contest_API.md

The recipients of a clarification are the union of `to_team_ids` and `to_group_ids`.  A clarification is sent to all teams if `from_team_id`, `to_team_ids` and `to_group_ids` are null.  Note that if `from_team_id` is not `null`, then both `to_team_ids` and `to_group_ids` must be `null`. That is, teams cannot send messages to other teams or groups.

> Clarifications between a team and the jury are typically private. If the jury sends a response to others than just the original team, then the

Reviewer: This sentence sounds awkward.  Maybe something like:  If the jury replies to the clarification and chooses to include additional recipients (teams?) or everyone, then the 'reply_to_id' should be removed...

> Clarifications between a team and the jury are typically private. If the jury responds with a broadcast to all teams, the
> reply_to_id should be removed for everyone who couldn't see the original message in order to preserve referrential integrity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Clarifications between a team and the jury are typically private. If the jury sends a response to others than just the original team, then the
`reply_to_id` should be removed for everyone who couldn't see the original message in order to preserve referential integrity.
```

Reviewer 2: Related to my comment https://github.com/icpc/ccs-specs/issues/221: I'm not sure whether the "`reply_id` should be removed" should be `should` or `must` or entirely dropped.
